Nb final edits overall (#25)
R4EPI/R4EPIs-website: content/training/Walk-through/Knitting.Rmd

To write in-line code, write your sentence in the script's white space like normal text, but in place of the number put a one-line R command within backticks (` `). Ensure the R command returns the desired number. 

![](/images/AJS_in-line_code.png)
### Tables  

Table outputs can require post-Knitting adjustment to suitably appear in the final Word Document report. Reducing the number of digits used in the `kable()` commands that produce the table can help save width.  

### Dealing with warnings  

> After knitting, you may see warning text in your final report. Typically, it is recommended that you attempt to fix the code that produced the error (see the R Basics - [Errors and Warnings](https://r4epis.netlify.com/training/r_basics/errors_and_warnings/) page. However, sometimes you may want to ignore the warning and have it not appear in the report.  

Reviewer: Do not mix up warning and error. 

```suggestion
After knitting, you may see warning text in your final report. Sometimes these warnings are innocuous (e.g. you tried to filter out a factor level that doesn't exist), but sometimes they are more serious. Typically, it is recommended to read through the warnings and fix them if necessary (see the R Basics - [Errors and Warnings](https://r4epis.netlify.com/training/r_basics/errors_and_warnings/) page.  
```
